# Friday June 10, 2016

_Please don't forget to push your code, progress report, +1 -1's OR if you haven't gotten git working yet, email me the goods at the end of each day! This part WILL get easier and faster!_

---
## Format
1\. Sprint 90 minutes(pairing)

2\. Lecture 60 minutes (autonomous)

3\. Sprint 45 minutes (pairing)

4\. Algorithm practice 60 minutes (autonomous)

5\. Consume/videos/slides/blogs 60 minutes (autonomous)

6\. Sprint 180 minutes (pairing)

## Sprint
[Nodal long technical tutorial Parts 1, 2 and 3](http://nsipplswezey.github.io/nodal/docs/tutorial.html)

+ [ ] Start at the beginning and implement everything as quickly as possible. There are some variations in here that will broaden your comprehension.
+ [ ] Create a markdown (.md) document and describe the relationship between request types (get, post, put, delete), endpoints, and the response methods found in your controller file. In other words, which combination of request + endpoint will trigger each response method?
      response type = request type + endpoint

### Extra Credit
  + [ ] [Learn more about Git](https://try.github.io/levels/1/challenges/1)
  + [ ] [Markdown Tutorial](http://www.markdowntutorial.com/)



## Lecture
[Micro Services Example 2 - Nick - 75 mins](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B9Ra_nUEBLqhSmloX0t2VmxnZFk&usp=drive_web#list)

## Algorithm Practice
+ Day 4: Adding

        Using the JavaScript language, have the function SimpleAdding(num) add up all the numbers from 1 to num. For the test cases, the parameter num will be any number from 1 to 1000.

## Blog
[Ladder of Abstraction - Bret Victor](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B_-ER6NIoZe0ZzhwS3BWeTNmVE0/view)

----

## Remember!
+ **Keep track of the time**! Hard stop each section when the alloted time is up and move on to the next.
+ **Reach out** when you get stuck and you will get stuck almost immediately!
+ **Don't be afraid to delete** your repo and start over. In fact, it is encouraged.
+ **+1 / -1**: As you work through each section, jot down one thing you really liked about the section you are working on. Jot down one thing that could be better. Go into as much detail as is needed, but not more.
+ **Push your code**: commit and push a single file containing:
  + [ ] Algorithm solution
  + [ ] +1/-1 for sprint, algo, blog, lecture
  + [ ] A progress update. This can be part of your +1/-1 ie:
  > + Sprint +1: Made it all the way through. I now understand how to connect a user to a tweet. Cool! -1: It's not clear to me the relationship between requests, endpoints, and response objects.
  > + Algo +1: I got most of the way through, put in a solid hour of work. -1:Returning a value vs. logging a value
  > + Lecture +1: None.  -1: So boring. Also, how to get through 75 minutes of video in one hour? Can I build a time machine in Nodal??
  >

**I am on Hangouts most all day. Ping me even to just talk about where you are and how you're feeling. Do not be shy!**

-Brian
