# Thursday June 9, 2016

### Please contact me first thing today
and let me know how far you got yesterday for each section

---

1. Sprint 90 minutes(pairing)
2. Lecture 60 minutes (autonomous)
3. Sprint 45 minutes (pairing)
4. Algorithm practice 60 minutes (autonomous)
5. Consume/videos/slides/blogs 60 minutes (autonomous)
6. Sprint 180 minutes (pairing)

## Sprint
#### All the TL;DR's
+ [ ] Find all the Nodal TL;DR's by various authors
+ [ ] Review and sort them in order of complexity
+ [ ] Implement all those you haven't done!

### Extra Credit
  + [ ] Create a git repo for your nodal projects.
  + [ ] Commit and push your code.


## Lecture
### [Micro Services Example 1 - Nick - 75 mins](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B9Ra_nUEBLqhSmloX0t2VmxnZFk&usp=drive_web#list)

## Algorithm Practice
+ Day 3: Each

        Write a function that takes an array and a function as arguments and invokes the passed-in function on each element in the array.

## Blog
### [GitHub  -Hello World](https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/)
----

## Remember!
+ **Keep track of the time**! Hard stop each section when the alloted time is up and move on to the next.
+ **Reach out** when you get stuck and you will get stuck almost immediately!
+ Don't be afraid to delete your repo and start over. In fact, it is encouraged.
+ **One & One**: As you work through each section, jot down one thing you really liked about the section you are working on. Jot down one thing that could be better. Go into as much detail as is needed, but not more.
+ **Push your code**: commit and push a single file containing:
  + [ ] Algorithm solution
  + [ ] +1/-1 for sprint, algo, blog, lecture
  + [ ] A progress update. This can be part of your +1/-1 ie:
  + Sprint +1: Made it all the way through. I now understand how to connect a user to a tweet. Cool!
  -1: It's not clear to me the relationship between requests, endpoints, and response objects.
  + Algo +1: I got most of the way through, put in a solid hour of work. -1:Returning a value vs. logging a value
  + Lecture +1: None.  -1: So boring. Also, how to get through 75 minutes of video in one hour? Can I build a time machine in Nodal??


-Brian
