# Day 5!

Starting tomorrow we will be pushing Git repos for each day. As we have the awesome flexibility to work together remotely, it's extra important that I'm able to know how much we are getting done, plus we'll have a body of work to be proud of, even if incomplete or imperfect!

I will formalize all our class materials into Git repos so that each day there will be a repo to clone and you can push your code, +1/-1's, and progress updates!

_If you haven't done so, hit the Git tutorials from days 3 and 4.
Please do reach out to me if you're struggling with Git and let's work through it together!_

---
## Format
1\. Blog 60 minutes (autonomous)

2\. Sprint 90 minutes(pairing)

3\. Lecture 60 minutes (autonomous)

4\. Sprint 45 minutes (pairing)

5\. Algorithm practice 60 minutes (autonomous)

6\. Sprint 180 minutes (pairing)

## Blog

[Welcome to Tangle](http://worrydream.com/Tangle/)

- [ ] Git clone or download Tangle
- [ ] Work through Getting Started and the API docs.
- [ ] Do all the things

## Sprint
Data abstraction is the foundation of _great_ user interfaces.

+ [ ] Use Tangle to implement new sliders from the [Ladder of Abstraction](http://worrydream.com/LadderOfAbstraction/) and changes the parameters to those of your choosing. You'll need to dig into the HTML guts of the sliders in the article. Find the JS source files. Rip it out. Explore. Console log. Build. Hack.

_See what you can do here. I'm still working on it. The world is yours to change how you see fit._

## Lecture
[Nodal schema demo - 35 mins](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B_-ER6NIoZe0ZzhwS3BWeTNmVE0/view)
[Nodal Q and A with Keith - 30 mins](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B9Ra_nUEBLqhSmloX0t2VmxnZFk&usp=drive_web#list)

## Algorithm Practice
+ [ ] The Longest String

      Return the length of the longest word in the provided sentence. Your output should be a number.

----

## Remember!
+ **Keep track of the time**! Hard stop each section when the alloted time is up and move on to the next.
+ **Reach out** when you get stuck and you will get stuck almost immediately!
+ **Don't be afraid to delete** your repo and start over. In fact, it is encouraged.
+ **+1 / -1**: As you work through each section, jot down one thing you really liked about the section you are working on. Jot down one thing that could be better. Go into as much detail as is needed, but not more.
+ **Push your code**: commit and push a repo containing:
  + [ ] Algorithm solution
  + [ ] +1/-1 for sprint, algo, blog, lecture
  + [ ] A progress update. This can be part of your +1/-1 ie:
  > + Sprint +1: Made it all the way through. I now understand how to connect a user to a tweet. Cool! -1: It's not clear to me the relationship between requests, endpoints, and response objects.
  > + Algo +1: I got most of the way through, put in a solid hour of work. -1:Returning a value vs. logging a value
  > + Lecture +1: None.  -1: So boring. Also, how to get through 75 minutes of video in one hour? Can I build a time machine in Nodal??
  >

**I am on Hangouts most all day. Ping me even to just talk about what you're thinking about having for lunch. Do not be shy!**

-Brian
