# Wednesday June 8, 2016

### Please contact me today
and let me know:
+ how far you got yesterday for each section
+ do you have a github account and if so, your user name.


---

1. Sprint 90 minutes(pairing)
2. Lecture 60 minutes (autonomous)
3. Sprint 45 minutes (pairing)
4. Algorithm practice 60 minutes (autonomous)
5. Consume/videos/slides 60 minutes (autonomous)
6. Sprint 180 minutes (pairing)

## Sprint
#### [Nodal Part 2 - Create Users](https://nsipplswezey.github.io/2016/05/04/Nodal-JS-Part-2.html)

##### Extra Credit
  Delete your Nodal repos and start again. Go. Faster.

Tips:
+ Look up terms that are unfamiliar, but don't spend more than a minute down any rabbit hole.
+ If you do finish with everything working, move on to the extra credit.
+ Read the footnotes as you come to them.
+ Work fast.

## Lecture
#### [Jefri's Nodal Talk](https://goo.gl/Bmx9u7)
In this one Jefri shows us some cool ways to see what's going on in our databases. It's a long video and you only have an hour. See if you can speed things up.

## Algorithm Practice
#### A man, a plan, a canal: Panama!

Create a function **palindrome** that takes a string as a parameter and _returns_ true if the string is a the same forwards and backwards and false if it is not.

## Blog
[Nodal API: Users, Access Tokens, Authenticated POST Requests for Tweets](https://medium.com/@nsipplswezey/tl-dr-nodal-api-users-access-tokens-authenticated-post-requests-for-tweets-67918250f15f#.seoh581ta)
+ Dive into the links.
+ If you finish ahead of time, choose and implement another TL;DR from [here](https://medium.com/@nsipplswezey).

----
**One & One**: As you work through each section, jot down one thing you really liked about the section you are working on. Jot down one thing that could be better. Go into as much detail as is needed, but not more.

## Remember!
+ Keep track of the time! Hard stop each section when the alloted time is up and move on to the next.
+ Reach out when you get stuck and you will get stuck almost immediately!
+ Don't be afraid to delete your repo and start over. In fact, it is encouraged.
+ Send me your algorithm solutions in an email or push to your gitHub repo and send me your username.
+ Send me your 1 & 1's or push to gitHub repo.

-Brian
